Features and operations to be implemented in 3 operarations. - working code to:
	
	
	The following features shall be provided by the application program:
	
	1 a welcome screen should be displayed on application start showing the application name and developer details
	as well as details concerning the user interface and interactions. In addition there shall be features and 
	procedures to accept user input for selection of options
	
	1.1 Welcome screen specific requirements -
		1.1.1 Application name and developer details
			"LOCKER PVT LTD - LockedMe.com" - as application name.
			"Brian Harmon - Harmon Engineering LLC" - as developer details.
			
		1.1.2 details concerning the user interface and interactions and features to accept user input to select the available options
			A menu of a list of operations shall be displayed in enumerated order with the enumerated value selectable as the
			desired operation.
			1. Directory list ( this shall invoke a precudure to list the current files in order on the screen ) .
			2. Business Ops -  this invokes a subemenu, specified further in later section providing further file options.
			3. Exit Application - ( this option exits the program ).
		1.1.3. a prompt shall be displayed as the program enters a receptive state to accept the numbered menu item from the user. 
			the input should be checked to be within bounds to prevent exceptions from occuring on the array boundaries - see (later requirements)
			similarly only valid numerical input should be accepted and should be handled gracefully otherwise. in this application it has been
			decided to ignore any input that does not match 1 of the selected menu numbers ( 1 to a specific Maximum ) and to provide the automatic
			option to re-enter the number item. for this application ( welcome screen ), valid values are 1, 2, or 3.
			
	
	1.2 Retrieve file names in an ascending order - This feature shall be provided on the main (welcome) page 
		as option 1, selectable from a menu of items listed by correlating numbers. the selection of item '1'
		will invoke the procudure to load a list of files from the disk drive for immediate display.
		
		
		as the product owner i would like to group user features in a sub menu on the main menu for businses operations
		as a user of the syste i need to be able to select an option to create a new file specified by me into the 
		file directory
		as a user of the system i need to ba able to select an option to delete an existing file specified by me
		from the file directory.
		as an administrator of the system i need to be able to search for and display a file specified by me
		
	Business operations:
	2. A sub-menu shall be provided ( see 1.1.2.2 ) as an option on the main ( welcome ) screen, providing a set of business 
		level operations - Business Ops.
		2.1 there shall be provided a business level option to create a new file in the system. this shall be proveded as option
			one, selectable by the index integer 1. a prompt shall be provided allowing for the entry of the filename which will 
			specify the file to be created by the subsystem. 
		2.2 there shall be an option to delete a specified file from the sub system directory. This shall be provded as option 2 on 
			the Business Ops sub-menu. a prompt shall be provided as the system enters a receptive state to receive the input from the 
			user specifying the file to be deleted. this selection should be case sensitive in order to allow for the coreect file to be 
			selected. if a successful match is found and the deletion performed this should be reported to the user and likewise any 
			failure should be adequately reported before returning to select input from the sub-menu.
		2.3 There shall be an option provided which will allow the user to select a function to search for a file in the subsystem directory
			and display a message if the operation was succesful or not, i.e; file found or file not found. this shall be selectable from 
			the sub-menu as option 3. the case sensitivity should be considered in order to determine the correct file to search.
		2.4 There shall be provided an option to exit the sub-menu returning the user to the parent menu screen. this shall be selectable as
			option 4 on the sub menu.
	
	PART II - Performance requirements
	1. The application should not produce any exceptions on user input
	Error validation and correction should be implemented in the user interface components
	
	2. Design driven requirements:
		2.1 User interface subsystem
		2.1.1 User input components
			2.1 user prompt display 
			2.1 user data collection
			
		2.2 User Display component
			2.2.1 welcome screen display
			2.2.2 sub screen  display
		2.3 input validation and error handling

	3. File/Directory Subsystem
		3.1 directory listing acquisition and sorting
		3.2 file selection and validation
		3.3 file creation 
		3.4 file deletion
		3.5 error detection and response